Docs: Update SAML docs after the integration with SSO settings API (#87512)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-authentication/saml/index.md

SAML authentication integration allows your Grafana users to log in by using an external SAML 2.0 Identity Provider (IdP). To enable this, Grafana becomes a Service Provider (SP) in the authentication flow, interacting with the IdP to exchange user information.

You can configure SAML authentication in Grafana through one of the following methods:

- the Grafana configuration file
- the API (refer to [SSO Settings API]({{< relref "../../../../developers/http_api/sso-settings" >}}))
- the user interface (refer to [Configure SAML authentication using the Grafana user interface]({{< relref "../saml-ui" >}}))

> - the terraform provider (refer to [Terraform docs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs/resources/sso_settings))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the Terraform provider (refer to [Terraform docs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs/resources/sso_settings))
```

Author: Done.

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> The API and terraform are available in Public Preview in Grafana v11.1 behind the `ssoSettingsSAML` feature toggle.

Reviewer: Could you please also add that `ssoSettingsApi` should also be enabled? (iirc that is required)

Author: Done.

> The API and terraform are available in Public Preview in Grafana v11.1 behind the `ssoSettingsSAML` feature toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API and Terraform support are available in Public Preview in Grafana v11.1 behind the `ssoSettingsSAML` feature toggle.
```

Author: Done.

> The API and Terraform support are available in Public Preview in Grafana v11.1 behind the `ssoSettingsSAML` feature toggle. The `ssoSettingsApi` flag also has to be enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API and Terraform support are available in Public Preview in Grafana v11.1 behind the `ssoSettingsSAML` feature toggle. You must also enable the `ssoSettingsApi` flag.
```

Author: Done, thanks for reviewing!

{{% /admonition %}}

> All methods offer the same configuration options, but you might prefer using the Grafana configuration file or the terraform provider if you want to keep all of Grafana's authentication settings in one place. Grafana Cloud users do not have access to Grafana configuration file, so they should configure SAML through the other methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All methods offer the same configuration options, but you might prefer using the Grafana configuration file or the Terraform provider if you want to keep all of Grafana's authentication settings in one place. Grafana Cloud users do not have access to Grafana configuration file, so they should configure SAML through the other methods.
```

Author: Done.
